# STUDENT-PERFORMACE-ANALYSIS-SYSTEM
 STUDENT PERFORMACE ANALYSIS SYSTEM We consider a real time application, a warehouse that functions within a time frame that the users senses as immediate or current for the top management to analysis the student academic performance in their institutions. A large number of academic institutions work on operational database for their day to day update. This system fully satisfies the complex quality requests of OLTP system, but it also shows significant OLAP failures. Data are not adequately prepared for complex report forming. The system uses operational database that can’t provide broad range of possibilities for creating complex reports. Operational database does not have special tools for creating queries that are defined by users. The significant benefit from this solution of information and knowledge retrieval in databases is that the user does not need to possess knowledge concerning the relational model and the complex query languages. This approach in data analysis becomes more and more popular because it enables OLTP systems to get optimized for their purpose and to transfer data analysis to OLAP systems. The information from the system of academics institutions can be rapidly assessed to find the performance of students in that institution. The data &amp; information gained from the system can be use as a substantial indicator for monitoring of the potential failure &amp; improvements. Furthermore, ➢ Alerts can be sent to the parent &amp; academic staff to intimate them about the performance of the student. ➢ Counselling can be given to students who struggle with their performances before they lose their grounds. ➢ Insights can be sense in future, so students benefited themselves to avail the advantages in placements.
